fix: replace spaces in components prefixes with underscores (#1455)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/yellow-eels-divide.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed a problem where the `join` command with `--prefix-components-with-info-prop` was creating $refs with spaces by replacing them with underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added inflection to the `join` command so that `--prefix-components-with-info-prop` replaces spaces with underscores to create less confusing $refs.
```
